Add NDM NetFlow proxy config (#15694)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/proxy.md

    option tcplog
    default_backend datadog-appsec-events

# This declares the endpoint where your Agents connect for

> # sending Network Devices Monitoring NetFlow flows (e.g the value of "network_devices.netflow.dd_url")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# sending Network Devices Monitoring NetFlow flows (for example, the value of "network_devices.netflow.dd_url")
```
